[DX-1011][TT-10895], documented new parameter replace functionality for upstream… (#4052)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/getting-started/key-concepts/servers.md

    "message": "error validating servers entry in OAS: Please update \"/relative-url\" to be a valid url or pass a valid url with upstreamURL query param"
}
```

> Furthermore, if the first server entry contains a parametrised URL, Tyk will attempt to fill in the parameters with the default values provided in the OAS API Definition. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk supports [OpenAPI server variables]({{< ref "https://learn.openapis.org/specification/servers.html#server-variables" >}}), so if the first `servers` entry contains a parameterised URL, Tyk will fill in the parameters with the values provided in the `variables` associated with that entry. For example:
```

> Furthermore, if the first server entry contains a parametrised URL, Tyk will attempt to fill in the parameters with the default values provided in the OAS API Definition. For example:

Reviewer 2: well done for finding an anchored link @andyo-tyk

```.json
{
  "servers": [
    {
      "url": "https://upstream-A.com/{param1}"
      "variables": {
        "param1": {
          "default": "default-value"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "url": "http://upstream-B.com"
    }
  ]
}
```

will result in Tyk importing the API with the following upstream URL:

> ```.json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

Reviewer 2: yaml to avoid json error validation
